Can study metadata be edited, including assignment of a schedule
Can schedule be edited
Is the study visible in public registries (when appropriate)
How are accounts created in this phase?
Can the study be logically or physically deleted?

Design

The study can be edited, including the associated schedule, and the schedule can be changed (assuming a non-published schedule is associated to the study). The study is not visible in public registries, and when an account is enrolled in a study in `design,` the `test_user` data group will be added to the account if it does not yet exist. The study can be logically or physically deleted by a developer, study designer, or admin.

Recruitment

To move to recruitment, the associated app should be available in the app store and the IRB approval for the study must be recorded as part of the study (there may be other criteria that must be met at this time).

The study metadata can be edited during recruitment, but the associated schedule cannot be changed, nor can that schedule itself be changed (an unpublished schedule associated to the study will be published in this transition). The study becomes visible in public registries, and accounts are enrolled normally (no test tag). The study cannot be logically or physically deleted.

In Flight

The study metadata can be edited, but the schedule remains immutable. The study should no longer be visible in public registries, and attempts to enroll an account in the study will be rejected (HTTP response code: `423`). The study cannot be logically or physically deleted. The app should still be available in app stores in case a current participant needs to reinstall the app to continue the study.

Analysis

The study can no longer be edited in any way. The study should no longer be visible in public registries, and attempts to enroll an account in the study will be rejected (HTTP response code: `423`). The study cannot be logically or physically deleted. The app can be removed from app stores if it is not used to conduct any other studies.

Completed

The study can no longer be edited in any way. The study should no longer be visible in public registries, and attempts to enroll an account in the study will be rejected (HTTP response code: `423`). The study will still be available in Bridge so that final IRB reporting can occur. Once this has been done, the study can be logically deleted.

Withdrawn

A study can be transitioned in any phase other than `completed` to `withdrawn`. At this point the study cannot be changed at all, but the study can be logically deleted. There may be additional requirements in the future.

